M-Tools (#68)
sbrl/Minetest-WorldEditAdditions: Chat-Command-Reference.md

//spop
```

## `//mcount`
Alias for [`//count`](#count).

```

> //mface

Reviewer: Wrong example?
```suggestion
//mcount
```

```

## `//mface`
Returns the horizontal (X/Z) axis or axes the player is looking along.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps this will aid clarity?
```suggestion
Aliases: `//mfacing`.

```

```
//mface
```

## `//midpos`
Returns the coordinates of the centre of the current selection.

```
//midpos
```

## `//msize`
Returns the lengths of the current selection on the X, Y and Z axes.

```
//msize
```

## `//mtrig`

> Returns the length of the diagonal pos1,pos2 and it's angle on the XZ and h/Y axes.

Reviewer: No apostrophe needed here.
```suggestion
Returns the length of the diagonal pos1 to pos2 and its angle on the XZ (horizontal) and Y (vertical) axes.
```
